h1. Overview

A superior textmate documentation bundle (compared to my railsapi-tmbundle)<br>
Picks a source of HTML documentation based on your current textmate scope, and displays it in textmate, or in your browser.
Can be customised with offline and online sources.

Press control-shift-command-h to trigger.

h2. Install with Git:

<pre>
mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
git clone git://github.com/gunn/EverythingDoc-tmbundle.git "EverythingDoc.tmbundle"
osascript -e 'tell app "TextMate" to reload bundles'
</pre>

Pressing control-shift-command-h within a ruby document will now bring up a railsapi page for the current word.
Most documents will fetch documentation from gotoapi.com


h2. Customise:

You can override the source to use for documentation.

railsapi.com will let you download docs you can use with EverythingDoc:

<pre>
Download desired package from http://railsapi.com/
Add a new shell variable from textmate's preferences - RAILS_API_LOCATION,
set its value to the index page. e.g. - /Users/Me/docs/rapi/index.html?q=***
</pre>

Instant rails documentation from textmate!

<br/>

To search google for java documentation you would set

<pre>JAVA_DOC_LOCATION to http://google.com/search?q=***</pre>

Note the stars, these will be replaced with the search term (i.e. your current word).

<br/>

If you would rather have the documentation page launched in a browser window, you can set *OPEN_DOCS_IN_BROWSER* to *true*


h2. Help:

Do you know of any good documentation sources that could work with this bundle? Let me know! railsapi.com, and gotoapi.com are the only ones I've found.


Have a look at the code:
All the interesting stuff is in - "Support/find_documentation.rb":http://github.com/gunn/EverythingDoc-tmbundle/tree/master/Support/find_documentation.rb